= redmine_mylyn_connector

API Connector for mylyn [redmine-myln-connector] as developed originally by Sven Krzyzak (http://sourceforge.net/projects/redmin-mylyncon)

Note for Redmine 1.* users: consider if http://sourceforge.net/projects/redmin-mylyncon will suit your needs

This plugin provides additional API functionality within Redmine, and is part-modification of the original project providing a working base for redmine 2.0 upwards.

Redmine is a flexible project management web application, released under the terms of the GNU General Public License v2 (GPL) at http://www.redmine.org

== Dependency

As of 1.8.0 of this plugin, Redmine 2.0.0 or greater is required, Rails 2.3.2 (onwards), with test-cases requiring libxml-ruby Gem.

== Installation

Before installing ensure that the Redmine instance is stopped.

1. <tt>cd [redmine-install-dir]/plugins</tt>
3. <tt>git clone git://github.com/danmunn/redmine_mylyn_connector.git</tt>
4. <tt>cd ..</tt>
5. <tt>bundle install --without development test</tt>

After these steps re-start your instance of Redmine and the plugin will be installed.

== Uninstallation

Before uninstalling please ensure that the Redmine instance is stopped.

1. <tt>cd [redmine-install-dir]</tt>
2. <tt>rm -Rf plugins/redmine_mylyn_connector</tt>

After these steps re-start your instance of Redmine.

== Testing

The plugin comes with a test suite that can be run once the plugin is installed into a Redmine instance.

The process to run the functional tests is as follows
1. <tt>cd [redmine-install-dir]/plugins/redmine_mylyn_connector</tt>
2. <tt>bundle install --without development</tt>
3. <tt>rake</tt>

There are known bugs on the integration test at present which will be rectified at a later point.

== Reporting an Issue

If you have a problem, please report it on the github project - http://github.com/danmunn/redmine_mylyn_connector.

However if you do have an issue with Redmine, or that is not related to the plugin they either need to go via the support portal at Redmine (http://www.redmine.org/projects/redmine/issues/new) or the support portal relevent to the plugin.

Be sure to include Rails version, plugin version, and when possible a stack trace of the error being seen.


== Contributing

If you've added something, why not share it. Fork the repository (http://github.com/danmunn/redmine_mylyn_connector), make the changes and send a pull request to the maintainers.

Changes with tests, and full documentation are preferred.


= Credits

This plugin was created by Sven Krzyzak <http://sourceforge.net/users/sven-k>

This plugin is currently maintained by Daniel Munn <https://github.com/danmunn>